ER Release (without TermSet) (#850)
hdmf-dev/hdmf: CHANGELOG.md

# HDMF Changelog

> ## HDMF 3.5.7 (Upcoming)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## HDMF 3.6.0 (Upcoming)
```

Since this is not a feature release and not a bug fix, we should bump the minor version.

### New features and Minor Improvements

> - Updated `ExternalResources` to have `FilesTable` and new methods to query data. the `ResourcesTable` has been removed along with methods relating to `Resource`. @mavaylon [#850](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/850)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `ExternalResources` to have `FileTable` and new methods to query data. the `ResourceTable` has been removed along with methods relating to `Resource`. @mavaylon [#850](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/850)
```

These tables are actually named `FileTable` and `ResourceTable`. BUT I had been thinking that to be consistent with the rest of NWB, these should be `FilesTable` and `ResourcesTable` (and also pluralize the other table names). Do you want to make that change in this PR or do it in a later one?
